
1. In the MySQL database, we should set `max_packet_bytes` to 512MB. (For large problems)
2. In the MySQL database, we should set `max_connections` to 1024. (For large loads)
3. The short name of each problem should be unique 
4. Each judgehost should have his unique credentials
5. Both the administrator password and judgehost password are generated during server startup
6. We should set the maximum number of processes per invocation $I$ to $16\times H(I)$ where $H(I)$ is the number of judges in $I.$ For $16$ judges, we set it to $256$ as a safe measure 
7. The JVM can potentially consume lot of memory, we should enlarge the memory limit of problems accordingly.

# A HTML Statement support

Our conversion script is able to prepare the contest data in the ICPC format. It does also copy the HTML statements.

These statements will require some additional files:

- a CSS file named `problem-statement.css` for configuring the style sheet as in code forces
- a  Javascript file for outputting mathematical symbols

 

## A.1 Server side configuration

1. The CSS file need to be installed in `$WEB_PUBLIC/css` where `WEB_PUBLIC` is the path of the DOM Server's public files. Any additional CSS file should be installed there too.

2. To support HTML statements similar to the code-forces format. We have to download and install MathJax. The content of the MathJax library need to be installed to `$WEB_PUBLIC/mathjax`
3. If the HTML file contains additional media files, they should be installed in `$WEB_PUBLIC/media/`
4. Also, if the HTML file contains additional scripts, they should be installed in `$WEB_PUBLIC/js`

## A.2 Statement configuration

The HTML statements are generated by the Polygon platform.  

 So that it conforms with our Server configuration, we need to replace the following Script tags:

```html
    <SCRIPT type="text/x-mathjax-config">
        MathJax.Hub.Config({
          tex2jax: {inlineMath: [['$$$','$$$']], displayMath: [['$$$$$$','$$$$$$']]}
        });
        </SCRIPT>
        <SCRIPT async="" src="https://polygon.codeforces.com/lib/MathJax/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML" type="text/javascript">
    </SCRIPT>
```

By this:

```html
<script>
        MathJax = {
   tex: {
     inlineMath: [['$$$', '$$$'], ['\\(', '\\)']],
     displayMath: [['$$$$$$','$$$$$$']]
   },
   svg: {
     fontCache: 'global'
   }
 };
    </script>
    <script id="MathJax-script" async src="/mathjax/tex-chtml.js"></script>
```



Also, we will replace the following Stylesheet:

```html
<LINK href="problem-statement.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```

By this:

```html
<LINK href="/css/problem-statement.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
```

